Feast of the Moon (previous year)

The Ritual was completed successfully - Lysanne was as beautiful as ever. 
She is so blessed to have been chosen for this honor; no one is as devoted to the cause as she is. 

Noxa 29, (previous year)

I met Lysanne for breakfast at a Cafe near the Glockenspiel Garten; she seemed ill. Perhaps the ritual truly was a success? I've often heard that women are ill in the mornings when pregnant. 

She seemed less certain than usual, frightful - complained to me of terrible nightmares. 

I reassured her that it was a blessing, and soon she'd be witnessing the birth of a new age. 

Ientus 4

Lysanne had not attended the most recent prayer meeting, the Heinburg counsel blamed me for her absence. As if I can force Royalty to do anything; even I am unsure I could've slipped past the guards at Schoner Turm. 

I told them I would check up on her - If leader is displeased in me, will it affect my induction into the inner circle? 

Luxi 23

Lysanne was just unwell and unrested from the bad dreams. We argued about her attending - and I definitely get the sense her faith is failing her. She is afraid of the new Age. 

I must report this to our Leader. 

Caelis 14 

I did it, I was accepted into the inner circle; and have breathed in the sacred air of our Lord. Soon I will be his herald! 

I must tell Lysanne the good news, she was not able to attend due to her insomnia. 

Caelis 15

Lysanne has fled! A note she left described her feelings which I had been ignoring and her fears of the growing strength of her nightmares. 

Our leader has tasked me with putting together a team to track her down and retrieve her before her due date - which is frightfully near at hand! 

Lysanne is a wise woman, she will head for Omerad. 

A Curse on her, as I write this: Oh Lord of Rot - do not let her reach Skelgrav. 

Arakis 5

She may be wise and learned in much lore - but she is not a ranger or at home in the wildlands. She has left a clear trail; a beatiful Fjenstan woman headed north as I suspected. 

Arakis 12

I am sure she has arrived in the little Village of Cairndal; it is close to Skelgrav where she will be headed. I have stationed Idla Trauerhölle on the mountain pass; none shall escape her. 

Yexim Quorug Tover Toryn, our eccentric Gnomish compatriot will meet with the local Goblins - they'll find his Ax persuasive. 

Bertha & I will infiltrate Cairndal and find Lysanne. 

Arakis 15 

We are not sure if Lysanne's due date has passed. Idla has identified a Dragon lurking in the countryside; we will pay it homage to ensure it does not hinder us. 

The Goblins have been ... pacified by Yexim, they tell us that there have been many new births in Cairndal lately - this is most unsettling news; if we have missed our opportunity I will be wroth. 

Arakis 22

The Dragon goes by the name Rennard, and is the Baron of these lands. He has agreed to help us - I am surprised to learn he is in service to another. We must aid him and his master's vested interest in eliminating the Druids, and in return he shall make the village and it's burgomeister open to us. 

Arakis 25

We have found her, she is feigning being a traveller and has rented a room with the local apothecary Ariana. I do not wish to test myself against an alchemist. I haven't mentioned it until now - but I have been feeling a bit strange ever since my induction. Odd voices in the night; and I can hardly recognize color anymore. 

I'm sure it's normal as I transition to a higher form of power in our Lord's service. 

Tomorrow, I will meet Lysanne in the market, where she gets fruit for Ariana.